Add nonce param for OAuth2 and parameters to userInfoFn (#1027)
SAP/luigi: docs/faq.md

### Can I authenticate Luigi with Google Cloud Identity?

Yes, to use Luigi with a google account, follow these steps:

1. Register a project and generate an OAuth2 Web Client based on [Google Developers Identity - OAuth2UserAgent](https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/OAuth2UserAgent).
2. To get your app running locally, set the Autorized JavaScript Origins URIs to `http://localhost:4200` and Authorized redirect URIs to `http://localhost:4200/luigi-core/auth/oauth2/callback.html?storageType=localStorage`.
3. Copy the Client ID on the right side, ending with `apps.googleusercontent.com`
4. Update the LuigiConfig auth section. We have added also the parts for logout and getting user information.
   ```javascript
  {
    auth: {
      use: 'oAuth2ImplicitGrant',
      oAuth2ImplicitGrant: {
        authorizeUrl: 'https://accounts.google.com/o/oauth2/v2/auth',

>         oAuthData: {

Reviewer: Please consider adding explicit `response_type: 'id_token token` param

Author: This is the default of our implementation, thats why I didn't at it here, since it is not required. But maybe easier to understand, especially if someone compares these settings against the google examples?

          client_id: 'YOUR_CLIENT_ID...apps.googleusercontent.com',
          scope: 'openid https://www.googleapis.com/auth/userinfo.email profile',
        }
      },

>       userInfoFn: async (settings, authData) => {

Reviewer: I think it's not needed, as basic identity data are returned in `id_token`. Having it here adds unneeded complexity

Author: It is required to show the picture of the user, so maybe I put it in a separate code block below.

### Is Luigi already being used within any products, or is it still too new?

Yes, it is already being used in production and close-to-production within SAP. For example in Kyma, SAP C/4HANA Cockpit, Context Driven Services, Konduit and Varkes. Outside of SAP, SAAS AG (partner) uses Luigi. Additionally, there are some POCs going on and we're supporting a few other customers and partners who want to start using Luigi soon.

### Can I authenticate Luigi with Google Cloud Identity?

> Yes, to use Luigi with a google account, follow these steps:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Yes, to use Luigi with a Google account, follow these steps:
```

1. Register a project and generate an OAuth2 Web Client based on [Google Developers Identity - OAuth2UserAgent](https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/OAuth2UserAgent).
2. To get your app running locally, set the Autorized JavaScript Origins URIs to `http://localhost:4200` and Authorized redirect URIs to `http://localhost:4200/luigi-core/auth/oauth2/callback.html?storageType=localStorage`.
3. Copy the Client ID on the right side, ending with `apps.googleusercontent.com`
4. Update the LuigiConfig auth section. We have added also the parts for logout and getting user information.

>    ```javascript

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```javascript
```

It looks like this section is not rendered correctly inside a code block 🤔 I'm not sure why, but it could be the space before ```
https://github.com/SAP/luigi/blob/fe2b144a9251275058d2d778e3dad88d1fea3efa/docs/faq.md

  {
    auth: {
      use: 'oAuth2ImplicitGrant',
      oAuth2ImplicitGrant: {
        authorizeUrl: 'https://accounts.google.com/o/oauth2/v2/auth',
        oAuthData: {
          response_type: 'id_token token',
          client_id: 'YOUR_CLIENT_ID...apps.googleusercontent.com',
          scope: 'openid https://www.googleapis.com/auth/userinfo.email profile',
        }
      },
      logoutFn: async (settings, authData, logoutCallback) => {
        console.log('revoking token');
        await fetch(`https://accounts.google.com/o/oauth2/revoke?token=${authData.accessToken}`);
        logoutCallback();
        location.href = '/logout.html';
      }
    }
  }
  ```

> Google's id_token contains basic identiy data like name, user id which allows to show this data in the profile already. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Google's `id_token` contains basic identity data like name and user ID, which allows for this data to be shown in the profile. 
```

> Additionally, if you would like to show also the user picture, add the following code to enrich the user profile information: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additionally, if you would also like to show the user picture, add the following code to enrich the user profile information: 
```

>   ```javascript

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```javascript
```
